>> Hello.
I'm Chantal Westerman.
One of the best parts
of the Wisdom Workshops
are the up close and
personal conversations
with the leading
practitioners and authors
in the holistic field.
This gives all of
us an opportunity
to know these people
just a little bit better.
So join me as they share
their wisdom with us.
[THEME MUSIC]
Your book deals with
enhancing our lives
with universal energy.
For the benefit of
people who might not
know what it is, what is that
energy you're talking about?
>> Oh, in the spiritual
sense, some people call it god
or spirit.
But there's some
intelligence that
makes the planets revolve around
the sun without us thinking
about it, makes our heart beat
without us constantly thinking
about it, take a breath.
And you can harness this energy.
And it's this ultimate,
infinite energy.
And you can harness
it to focus it
on different areas of your
life and get whatever you want.
>> Now, what's interesting
is, in my travels,
I have found that there are some
people who believe this way.
Well, Stacy has it, but I don't.
>> We all have it.
You know what it is?
It's a technical skill.
It's a technical skill
that we can all use,
that's very immediate.
And we can all harness
it to change our lives.
It's absolutely so easy.
I think the thing
is that we were all
taught we don't have it.
And we were also taught
that it's very esoteric
and takes years to develop,
which is not true, absolutely
not true.
We're not taught just how to
open up and look within and ask
ourselves the right questions in
order to get the right answers.
We're not taught that
skill, that plug-in skill.
And it really does take
five or 10 minutes a day.
And it really is--
immediate results
happen when you start
plugging into this energy.
>> You're so right.
You know, until you said
that, I didn't realize it.
But you're right.
We're taught-- we're taught
that we don't have it.
Why is that?
Are people afraid of it?
Were our parents afraid of it?
Were their parents afraid of it?
>> Yeah, you know what?
I guess so.
I don't-- I always rejected
what I was always--
even when I was in high
school and I became interested
in this, I would go to
the library and look up
in the esoteric section.
And I would get all
these books out.
And they all said, oh, well,
you have to stand on your head,
and meditate for 20 hours,
and give up all your worldly
possessions.
And it's not true.
You can have great
things and have
a great sense of inner
power at the same time.
And you don't have to--
I think way back when,
someone shysted us and said
that we had to give up all
our worldly possessions
and all our desires in order
to be spiritual in this sense.
And it's just not true.
I just-- I also think there
wasn't a need to connect
with it as there is today.
>> Yes, very important point.
>> I think that way back when
my parents were growing up,
they had an ideal
for themselves,
and it didn't include
this sixth sense.
And there was rules
that were just--
society lived by certain rules.
And there are no rules today.
And you can even look
at the stock market
and look at the way we live our
lives, and there are no rules.
And I think that we need--
that sixth sense is the rule,
is the way to get--
to be safe, and to prosper,
and to enhance your life
in such a way that you can
have everything you want.
>> And here's
what's interesting.
Your generation-- what
are you, Generation Xers?
Is that--
>> Yeah.
Yeah, one of the older
versions of the Gen Xers, yes.
>> You're one of the older
versions out of the Generation
Xers.
Have the Gen Xers become, in a
sense, the teachers of today?
>> I think-- this is
the thing with Gen X.
When we were first
graduating from college,
people used to say, oh,
we're such slackers,
because we really rejected the
places that society had for us.
And the more-- we are so
much more independent.
We are-- more entrepreneurs
are in their 20s and early 30s
and are making new rules.
And I think-- in that
way, I think it's great,
I think, in a way that we are.
But for a long time we
were rejected by society.
And now I think that this
sort of new expansive
thought that we
have sort of added--
as we grow and as we find
our place in the world,
I think that is
really catching on.
And I like that.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, I do too.
It's very interesting
having young teachers.
>> It gives us all a place.
It gives us all a
place to fit in.
>> When did you know you had--
well, would I call it a gift?
>> Yes and no.
This is my whole thing
about psychic abilities.
Yes, we all have it.
But just like
basketball players--
I mean, we can all
play basketball.
But how many Michael Jordans
or how many professional NBA
players are out there?
So we all have it.
It just depends on what degree.
And I definitely
think this is a gift.
But just like an opera
singer, an opera singer
can have the greatest gift.
But unless they devote
their entire life to it,
they wouldn't know.
And I had my first
experience when I was three.
>> Three?
>> Three.
We were waiting for the nursery
school bus, my mother and I.
And the bus was late.
And I initially
looked up and said,
well, you know,
Ma, the bus is late
because Miss Mary broke
her arm last night.
And Miss Mary is the driver.
And sure enough,
the bus came late,
and Miss Mary wasn't driving.
And nobody could
figure out how I
knew that Miss Mary had broken
her arm the night before.
And that was it.
My parents were so freaked
by that, they were like--
>> Wow.
>> So I don't think I made
another prediction for many
years after that.
[LAUGHS]
>> So then somewhere, you
picked up the thread again
in your life and you realized,
I have something here.
How did that manifest?
>> When I was growing up, it
manifested in that I would be
able to find things
around the house.
So my mother would say, you
know, go find the ice bucket.
And I would just be able
to find things in our very
cluttered closets in the house
And then when I
was in high school,
the little trend was to carry
a teeny little sports-type bag
with you to school every day.
And I would know--
every day, I would
know what to put in it.
So I would say, I need a
bobby pin, a safety pin,
an extra pen, a pencil, a
nail file, whatever, like,
the most obscure little things.
And people would
always say to me,
you know, you always
have everything, Stacy.
And my answer was always,
no, I only have what I need.
And I started
becoming fascinated
with all sorts of
occult, fascinated
occult studies.
And I studied palm reading and
handwriting and those studies
when I was in high school.
And I guess it started
from there again.
>> You talk about
enhancing your life.
Was there a time when
your life was not good,
when you were unhappy,
when things around you
were miserable?
>> I can-- it was not so long
ago that I could tell you that
I was really unhappy.
I was working at MTV.
I was a writer and
associate producer.
And I didn't feel like my
career was going anywhere.
I was at least 15 pounds
heavier than I am now.
I can look back and say,
when I was 25, I looked 30.
I just was so unhappy.
And then I was fired.
And then the whole staff
was fired from the show.
And I had nothing to do.
And all my light bulbs
blew out in my apartment.
I had nothing to do
but sit and study
tarot card books
and spiritual books.
And that's what was my
spiritual awakening.
And I emerged from that
year, which was the end
of '91 to '92--
and I emerged from that
year at the end of '92
as a tarot card reader.
And I did stand-up
comedy and an actress.
And that's what started
me on my psychic
and my spiritual career.
And I remember when
I had no faith.
And this is why I tell
people in my lectures.
I was there, and I
know what it's like,
and it wasn't too
long ago, that when
you invite this
energy into your life,
it does all sorts
of amazing things.
And it makes you
more of who you are,
who you are supposed to be.
>> Is it a specific act
when you invite this energy
into your life--
>> I think so.
>> --because I think a lot of
people watching this now are
where you were not too long ago.
So their question
will be, what do I do?
Do I sit down?
Do I stand up?
Do I get on my knees?
How do I say, come on down?
>> I think however, actually.
I don't like rules.
And that's another thing
about the meditation books
and spiritual books out there.
You have to sit still,
and you can't move.
And oh, I'd say, if you want to
stand on your head and do it,
go ahead.
I also think that--
well, there are great
books out there now
that weren't around
just a few years
ago that tell you how
to do it in, like,
two minutes, that
you can really invite
this energy into your life.
But I think trust
it is the big thing.
People don't usually-- again,
we're all taught that life is
a crap shoot, that not
everyone's meant to be happy,
that only--
money and happiness
only go to a select few.
And we're really taught
that we're supposed
to compromise in our lives.
And it's simply not true.
And I think part of inviting
the energy into your life
and saying, I can harness
this, I have the power,
is also-- the other part is
rejecting what doesn't work
and rejecting those beliefs
that we're all taught.
And I think unless you
reject that, inviting it
into your life isn't
really going to do a lot.
So you first have to
say, this doesn't--
my life isn't working.
This doesn't work.
OK, let me get rid
of what doesn't work.
>> So it's an
acknowledgment initially.
Your book is very,
very interesting to me
because you talk about
all of the things
you can do psychically.
Now, I think a lot of
people will turn to the page
where it says
psychic weight loss.
Talk to me about that.
>> It really works.
There are two ways that you can
use universal energy to think
yourself-- one is just
thinking yourself thin,
is doing a visualization
process, where first, you
connect to the energy.
You find that perfect place
when you're in the flow.
And then you start visualizing
an image of you thinner,
and thinner, and thinner,
and own the image.
So one thing is, literally,
just harnessing the energy
and thinking yourself thin.
And the other way
is to use the energy
to connect with
your higher self,
with that infinite
source, and say, well,
what's wrong in my life?
What's blocking me?
What's my relationship
with my weight?
What's not working?
What beliefs do I have?
What's the perfect diet
and exercise plan for me?
About weight loss,
we're all taught that,
with all the products, that
it's something outside us.
We need outside us to heal.
And what my thing is,
that it's inside us,
and that there's
something we're missing,
a vitamin pill that we're
not getting from inside us,
and that people
really-- we're not
taught that we can control it.
And we're also taught that the
only way to control it is--
I don't even like
the word "control"
because there's something
that says about weight,
we have to do without.
We have to restrict
ourselves and do without.
And I have seen so
many clients who
have invited this
energy into their lives
and have lost 20
pounds in no time
because somehow, when
they get into this flow,
it washes away what
doesn't belong there.
And I have had so many
people say, you know,
I didn't believe you
when you said this,
but I could eat
anything I want now.
And it's really amazing.
And I can understand
what happened.
And it just makes no sense.
But it really works.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Psychic shopping.
>> I love psychic shopping.
>> Psychic shopping?
What is psychic shopping?
>> I have this whole,
like, protocol.
>> I want to go with you.
>> [LAUGHS] I have developed
this whole thing about--
I love psychic shopping.
Well, there are so many ways
you can do psychic shopping
when you're open, when
you're in the flow of energy.
One way is to set up a list
of things that you want,
especially if you can't-- if
you think you can afford them,
it's great.
Because you tell the
universe what you want.
And you can tell the universe
what price you want it at.
And then they'll
just wake you up
and let you know when you can
find this item, where it is.
>> And will someone discuss
this with Mr. Armani for me?
>> I'm telling you, this works.
>> OK.
>> I have so many
examples of this.
I'll tell you, this my
favorite example of this
is, last spring,
there was a suede coat
that I saw a few blocks
away from my house,
and I really liked it.
I tried it on, really liked it.
And it was-- oh, let's see.
I think it was about $150.
I said, you know,
I really like it.
And it was on sale, but
it wasn't enough on sale
and I said, you know what?
I would spend $50 on this coat.
And I just sort of
blurted out a number.
And a week later, I was
waking up in the morning.
And I just got the strongest
need, this impression
to go to that store.
So it opened at 10
o'clock in the morning.
And I was there for 10:05.
And there it was, $50.
So it's amazing how
these things work.
The other thing is, if
you're open to shopping,
if you're going to a
big mall, or if you're
going to a flea market,
and you don't exactly
know what you
want-- this is great
if you have a friend you
want to buy a gift for,
and you want to get
the perfect gift,
and you don't really
know exactly what that
is, you can tell-- you can
have a moment with yourself,
with your higher self, with
your angels, spirit guides,
with that energy,
before you go there.
And you say, this is
what I'd like to spend.
This is what I think
I'd like to get.
You tell me where I need to go.
And you'll feel drawn
to go through the aisles
or through the different booths.
And boom, there you find it.
And then boom, there it is.
So when you let this
otherworldly energy guide you,
you can also go shopping-- and
if you go into a drugstore,
and you have, let's
say, five minutes,
and you're really
in a hurry, and you
need to go get 10
items, and especially,
if it's a store you don't
know-- and you could try
this in a store you don't know.
You can-- this is my list.
These are the five or
six things that I need.
This is what I need.
Where can I find them?
And instead of
having to go and look
at all the little
descriptions in every aisle
and saunter through and stare
at everything, you could just,
oh, this is where I need to go.
OK, this is where I need to go.
And you can really get
led through the store.
And it just makes shopping
such a great experience.
>> Is having a psychic ability--
let me rephrase this.
When you are looking to
have psychic abilities,
is a great part
of that listening?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Because so often, we get
a feeling about something.
We think, you know, I'm going--
nah, I'm late, and you go on.
Should we listen to
that first thought?
>> We refuse to
know what we know.
That is my thing is
we all pick up things,
and we just don't
want to listen.
We just refuse to listen.
Yes, the listening and the--
There's two ways to
use universal energy.
An active way is the way we were
just thinking ourselves thin
is an active way to use it,
harnessing-- programming
a business meeting,
programming your career the way
you want it to go.
That's an active way to harness.
And a passive way to
harness the energy
is to ask, like, what does
my soulmate look like?
Where is there a good parking
space for me in this busy mall?
Am I going in the
right direction?
Am I going to hit
traffic on my way home?
So yes, the receiving and the
trusting and the listening
is a really big thing.
>> Now, that's an interesting
point because I think
that's what people are starting
to do more and more these days.
People are literally starting
to ask for the things they want,
to ask this universal energy.
>> Somehow we were taught that
that's not a spiritual thing,
to have desires is
not a spiritual thing.
And my-- at some point in your
growth, your desires change
and you don't want the material
things that you wanted.
But it doesn't make wanting
material things bad.
And it's the first step.
There's nothing wrong
with wanting things.
And there's nothing wrong with
having desires and nothing
wrong with asking--
Some people were taught you
can pray for a sick relative,
but you can't really
pray for a candy bar.
And that's not true.
You can really-- it's a skill.
It's a technical skill.
And the receiving
end isn't this--
this big receiving
station in the sky,
it doesn't really say, oh, well,
that's a spiritual request.
You can have that.
And that's not a spiritual
quest, so you can't have that.
It's a technical
skill, and you can just
sort of harness it
to ask for anything.
>> So you can pray
for a soulmate?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Have you?
>> Oh, no.
You know what?
This is my thing is
people always ask me that.
When I do lectures,
they say, well,
why aren't you a millionaire?
And I say, because it's
not important to me.
You know, you get
when you focus on,
and you focus on what's
important to you.
>> Right.
>> And--
>> Well, I'm not talking
about millionaires.
I understand that part.
>> You can pray for a soulmate
if it's important to you.
And you-- and also,
this is the thing.
Yes, it will happen
when it happens.
And a lot of times,
when clients come to me
and say, where's my
soulmate, and I'll say,
you have this great relationship
coming in the next six
to nine months, and well, let me
describe your soulmate to you,
and I know you're not
going to like this,
but he's three years away.
And they say-- yes,
there's free will,
and yes, you can make
it happen faster.
But you can also bring to you
an understanding that, OK, well,
maybe I have things
to learn and things
to do before my
soulmate gets here so
let me attract the love
that I need so I can be
happy and safe and comfortable.
So then all of sudden,
the idea of soulmate,
that need for soulmate
is not as strong in that
when you're happy,
and you're busy,
and you're in the
flow of energy, then--
so that's the answer to,
do I ask for my soulmate,
you know, how do I
pray for soulmate.
>> And we often have,
according to your book--
I'm paraphrasing, but I think
this is part of your message.
What we have at the moment
is exactly what we need,
if we just pay
attention to that.
>> Absolutely.
We're all taught then we can't--
that what we want is not what
we're meant to have.
We all limit ourselves.
And we're also
taught that we're not
supposed to be really
happy in our careers,
and we're supposed to
do one thing for money
and one thing for happiness.
And we're all
taught these things.
And no, what you
want is your destiny.
Like, that's it.
I mean, if you feel like you're
supposed go off and be a nurse,
and be a healer, or be a
writer, or be an actress,
then if that's what
you want, that's
your higher self, that's
that energy talking to you.
Like, that's what you're
supposed to go for.
Like, that's it.
Like, that's not
just some desire
that you're supposed to put
in the back of your head,
while you're miserable
at this 9-to-5 job
as an administrative assistant.
So yes, what we want is
what we're supposed to have.
>> One of the things
you say in your book is,
the closer you are
to your connection,
the less you need ritual.
>> Mm-hmm.
The less-- and the easier it
is to manifest what you want.
>> What does that mean?
>> Oh, this is the thing I
rejected about those books when
I was in high
school and studying.
I picked up some
meditation books.
And they said, oh, you
have to think this for--
the process they
had me go through
was this whole 10-step
process before I could even
get to a meditative state.
And I said, no, it just--
it takes 10 seconds,
30 seconds, a minute.
It doesn't take that long.
>> What do you call it,
instant gratification?
>> Instant gratification
psychic ability,
instant gratification intuition.
>> Yes.
>> It really is.
The closer you live to that.
Now, I've seen plenty
of people in my lectures
that are really far
away from getting there.
>> Because they feel like they
have to sit down and do this,
and om and--
>> And you know what?
And there's nothing
wrong with that.
>> No.
>> Right?
>> But if you are in a
car, and you are driving,
and you're in a mall, and you
need a parking space right now,
you don't have time for that.
So it's nice to have the option.
But the more you get
into this perfect place--
and we've all had moments
where time has just flown by.
We've all had
moments where we've
been with friends, or family,
or with our mates, where
we felt really great about
ourselves, where we felt
like everything
is possible, where
we felt not limited by fear
and by the outside influences.
And what I teach
people is, you can
get into that perfect place.
And you can not only get
into it for fleeting moments,
but you can make it
happen all the time.
And that's what I mean by you
don't need ritual to get there.
And the more you let this
energy into your life,
there's like a
little place there.
Maybe it's in your heart.
And it grows and grows
and grows and grows.
So you can actually get
into this perfect place.
And you can be sitting in
traffic in this perfect place
or standing on this crowded
bus in this perfect place.
And also, nothing bothers you.
All of a sudden, you know
everything is possible.
So it's those fleeting
moments that you can get
them to happen all the time.
And there's no ritual that's
necessary at that point
in order to get into
this deep state.
All's you have to do is open up.
>> So you don't need ceremony.
You can just go there.
Talk to me a little bit about
being here at Whole Life Expos.
What does it do for you?
What do you find
in the people here?
What draws you here?
>> I love doing the Whole
Life Expo, I have to say.
First of all, the
people that run it
are so spiritual and so fabulous
that it just trickles down
to everything, everywhere.
And you just-- there's
this zap of energy
that you get when you just
sort of come to this place
where there's a group of
like-minded souls doing this.
But I really feel like
it's really important to me
to be very closely connected
with the people that
are reading my book
and the people that
are picking up the message.
Because I feel like--
I always remind myself,
like, without them, I
wouldn't be able to do my job.
Without those people
sitting in the lecture,
without those people
that come to readings,
I wouldn't be able
to do what I do.
And I think so often,
healers forget that.
>> What is the feeling you
get when you end a lecture
and people are starting
to get up and move around?
>> I'm so inspired
when I end a lecture.
I've just finished harnessing my
own energy and the whole group,
and everybody's zzzz, buzzing,
that I just feel so good.
I feel like I'm floating.
And then sometimes, at
the end of the lectures,
people come up to
me and share with me
some of the experiences
that they've had.
They haven't had a chance
to share during the lecture.
Some little hugs
pass back and forth.
And it's so healing.
It's so nice.
And it's so-- that oneness
and that universality
is just an amazing feeling.
>> Yes, it is.
And it's very contagious.
>> It is.
>> You've captured--
>> It's great.
>> You've captured this room.
Thank you so much, Stacy--
>> Oh, well, thank you.
>> --for sharing with us today.
>> It's my pleasure.
>> Thank you.
[THEME MUSIC]